in many people I sewed on the photographer who is known for that because there was a
great stage of my career
has been with that other party tickets
Well, I think it's a mistake of pique but also understood to understand me
to understand me open so that I can truly express myself as I am
then I started
to paint me very young very small since I was little I always wanted to point
josé painter
I was in a hard cinema of sculpture drawing
he knows there was a companion who talked to me about the central preserve
that it was a photography school that moment that was a bit like the iee
now for young people not
posse site where it seems that
that those who are interested in culture love being here
wish
Many people in the movement were also surrounding the central photo or
there were editors of the new lens magazine that was the magazine is also very
precocious hour behind the movement
and good the first time I saw and leave the developer long and magé on paper
I was fascinated then
I thought that an artist of my time had to know how to take photos
and nothing series the first photos that I did followed were very acclaimed I was taken
at the greatest aridity
he sees me as the young promise
and then with my need to paint I started to mix the two things
I had to have made the photo stop and the Chinese alias 20 tools
i among these those who believe in me in the world photography began to
criticize me ducking down I was crazy I was doing I do not know what
but I think it drags a lot of people
open the world of the image
to thinking that photography does not have to be just a purist photo
which is also that this one also has but
which can be used for whatever you want
i
and I think that also photography and day is an expression for what you
you try at the end just making photos or
expressing to force fiat
but what has happened to me from the end is that instead of uniting, they already stop
turn separate the photograph
then efe
I love pure photos
I find it more
even with koning with an expensive that with digital and all this to a kind of
retouching that looks a lot like the photos he does painted
but it is another more current means faster
different but
very interesting
and then painted with nothing
he even painted hoops and painting or nesme frikada a wall on a wooden sa
the hydraulic lime post in that test and painted with paint
i am writing poetry
both ways I hope
I made one in the year 87
that for me it was a great picture I do not know what it was but in the end it seems like a
performance
and this medium a movie montage also a theater this set design were three
represent all the myth of atalanta and convenience the lions of cibeles
in the middle of the Madrid fountain so that all the traffic I do not know what went
it went like this because I wanted to do it but I did not know what I was doing
so little
and from there I think that
It has been many years
and now as a queen
the people I love that kind of things do not
is doing many different things even with people who participate that
it may seem like fifteen hundred people
that in a kalise seen that I have not seen the one that suddenly act as only
body
and things happen magical me not
and at the risk of not knowing what will happen if you are assaulted badly if you are not going to go
nobody will go three thousand instead of thousand